Doug O'Neill watching with goldencents
it's the 139th running of the Kentucky
Derby the first is two million dollars
the distance is a mile and a quarter
it's for three-year-olds all of whom
carry 126 pounds and for the call of the
Derby let's go to Larry Comus
thank you very much Tom haven't been
there's just one more to go win that is
by Jack with Garrett Gomez about to take
up position in the outside stole 19
three-year-olds in a mile and a quarter
and vie Jack is in and they're all in
line we are ready for the start they're
off in the Kentucky Derby
Java's War was off to a slow beginning a
good start for Verrazano and falling sky
falling sky is the early leader and now
it's my lucky day and coming through on
the inside is goldencents and Palace
malice is right up there - in the early
mix as well but at SOT spoke to the
inside by Jack is on the far outside in
behind them comes longshot giant finish
track Danny extreme
that will take charge Normandy invasion
rides the rail as the begin that riled
scurry into that first turn and then a
telling started back to overanalyze
lines of battle is right there to the
outside of horses golden soul and then
comes or but who is third last as they
make their way to the back stretch ahead
of my luden Rosina pranic revolutionary
and Calvin Borel ER on the rail and slow
starting Jabba's war a 45 and 1/2 mile
an extremely fast pace set by Palace
malice and Mike Smith who lead the way
up the backstretch and an unexpected
early leader here is Palace malice
Verrazano is three lengths behind
running in second by Jack Oxbow and Gary
Stevens are on the rail and Kevin Frigga
has goldencents off the pace today he
spent as they moved for the far turn the
Normandy invasion followed by it's my
lucky day
downpour the inside is charming kitten
after that comes giant finish nothing at
from or be still about 15th but it
begins to move up on the far outside
Palace malice is the leader he said a
torrid pace so far and the pact is
catching up quickly through on the
inside his Oxbow and Normandy invasion
his storming home and they're into the
stretch and Normandy invasion has taken
the lead on the outside or is coming
with giant strides in the center of the
track and here comes orb on the outside
now to take the lead as they come down
to the 16th gold it is Oregon trip from
Normandy invasion my loot and golden
soul between horses
down to the lighter barb Blanca to
Eternity for Chateauguay II met once
golden soul revolutionary came late on
the inside and then it was Normandy
invasion and it was for today in the
Derby his final time was two minutes two
point eight nine seconds
[Applause]